It's not good to hand over the bones
He must have been controlled.
Virgin, let me help you
Stop
Yeah.
Hey, hey.
Good girl
Just don't know why
She looks just like my sister.
I'm not your sister
Oh then have you ever thought
Why is the stock god interested in you?
It's because of the one called keep out the cold
Yes, this old devil is really poisonous
Transform your own daughter into a combat tool
He wants to use flies against you
This is too vicious
Unfortunately, I am no longer the small shadow peak I used to be
Orchid Cheats
As expected of the ancient gods
Nice
Although the orchid cheats cannot save hundreds of people in Tianyuan Gate
But it's more than enough for one person
Oh every true aid I instill
It was all absorbed by the unknown bug bone in his body
Hahahahaha
As expected of the young master of the Condor Sect
Good guess.
Amorous adults, humiliating things, return
I implanted a bone worm that absorbs power into his body
Although not as good as your visual and mental bones
But you'll have to use all your strength to save him
Hahahaha, you are so despicable.